Update 8 branch for V7 of autoupgrade module (#1942)
PrestaShop/docs: basics/keeping-up-to-date/_index.md

- **Theme**

If you are updating from PrestaShop 1.6, your theme will not be compatible with 1.7 and later versions. The theme system, controllers, and data structures have changed significantly. You will need to install a compatible theme for the new version.

- **Modules Compatibility**

While some modules are resilient to PrestaShop updates, others may be incompatible when switching to a new major version.

-&nbsp;For marketplace modules, check the compatibility range before reinstalling them.

-&nbsp;For custom-built modules, consult your developer to verify compatibility. As a rule of thumb, assume modules are incompatible until proven otherwise.

All reinstalled modules must be manually reconfigured on the new store.

#### Migration process overview

A successful migration follows these steps:

1. **Set up** a new store running the latest PrestaShop version.
2. **Extract** production data from the old store.
3. **Adapt** the data to meet compatibility requirements.
4. **Import** the data into the new store.

> For a detailed step-by-step guide, refer to the Migration Documentation (link to migration page).

Reviewer: Missing link here ?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a detailed step-by-step guide, refer to the [Migration Documentation][2].
```

## Read more

- {{< page-link "8/basics/keeping-up-to-date/update" >}}
- {{< page-link "8/basics/keeping-up-to-date/backup" >}}
- {{< page-link "8/basics/keeping-up-to-date/migration" >}}

> [1]: {{< relref "/8/basics/keeping-up-to-date/update" >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[1]: {{< relref "/8/basics/keeping-up-to-date/update" >}}
[2]: {{< relref "/8/basics/keeping-up-to-date/migration" >}}
```
